welcome to our library studio here at the
Yahowah blog i'm here with our co-host mr
wookie who i think is just going to
take a nap and chill here for a
while um we're having a really good time
returning to uh more translating and uh
commenting on and driving insights from
Yahowah's testimony uh spent all uh weekend
on it and again uh the uh all
day yesterday and
What we're finding is so fascinating that
I'm actually now having finished the
eighty ninth Mizmowr,
which is what we're presenting here.
I've made it to the end,
which is verse fifty two.
We're on a review of sixteen and seventeen
before we move on today.
And in it.
We learn lots of insightful things,
and by the time we've come to the
end and realizing that we have come back
to the eighty-ninth Psalm because of the
fact that we were led to it by
the final word picture,
that would be Mashal thirty-one.
In it,
it's apparent that Dowd is given surrogate
parents,
that a woman who is referred to as
his Emma,
who is later called by Dowd Yahowah's ‘Amah,
his most productive mother,
and is related to as the Ashar,
comes in to speak to her son and
a message that is recorded by her bail
husband.
And in that,
it's such a sweet picture of mother's
love.
And she is presented as, well,
Dowd presents her as her,
as his mother and not his birth mother.
He hates his birth mother.
And her husband is who he,
is being referred to in it.
And it really just an empowering
statement.
And then we read how Dowd got into
the position where he needed this
intervention as is presented in Second
Samuel.
And then we went on to consider what
Dowd's response to Yahowah was when Yahowah
stopped communicating with him over the
whole Bathsheba affair.
That's presented in
Psalm fifty-one,
it was one of the roughest occasions,
very somber.
In fact,
I went to wearing black just to report
it to you.
And then we went to the hundred and
sixteenth Mizmowr, which is glorious,
which shows Dowd's recovery after he was
met with by the ‘Amah, his ‘Amah,
who is referred to as the Asherah,
or Ashar, in this Mashal,
this word picture.
And we realized that that wasn't enough to
get him out of his stupor,
but it certainly got his attention,
and that the only thing that could have
solved Dowd's issue,
and it was delivered right at this time,
is Ethan Ha Izraki's contribution and
collaboration with Yahowah in the writing
of the Eighty-Ninth Psalm,
which was then delivered to Dowd,
and it served to resolve the
conflict and returned Doge such that he
restored his relationship with Yahowah and
the rest was made possible such that he
would return to fulfill Pesach, Matzah,
and Bikuwrym in XXXIII CE.
So it's a glorious,
absolutely glorious story the way that
Yahowah used surrogate mother and father to
restore the relationship he had with his
son.
But once you put yourself in that mindset
that God did this this way and that
he did it through a person whose name
describes the fact that he's been put in
and out of
the timeline on an ongoing basis and he
comes in with a wife and
And as a result,
he and she play major roles all the
way through the timeline with Dote.
And the most fascinating about this is
something I hinted at at the,
I think the last show we did outside
yesterday,
or the one prior to that anyway,
in the Ocean Studio,
where I was given the insight that the
man in the garden,
the
first human conceived by Yahowah with a
Neshamah in addition to a nephesh is the
reason that Dowd is called the firstborn
of God.
And that that individual, that soul,
is Dowd's soul.
And that I know how Chanukah
came to know about Yahowah,
why he was respected by Yahowah,
how he earned Yahowah's favor,
and his support for Dowd as Adam,
as that man.
And he had three hundred years with him
to support him as he struggled with the
last three hundred years of his life
outside of the garden.
But that would be the only way for
Chanuk to actually learn about Yahowah.
And no one else could have explained who
he was.
There was no Torah at that time.
And so it was only, uh,
Adams who was Dowd's recollections of what
took place in the garden.
And, and then, uh,
this man's natural empathy for him and his
support for him is what earned God's
respect.
And we go from there and you realize
the other times that, uh,
Chinook is deployed, um,
all the way through the timeline and where
dote is deployed and how the role that
I have been asked to play throughout time
exists for a singular reason to support
the firstborn son of God.
And that is the story of the lesser
luminary in support of the greater
luminary in the fourth day of creation.
It's all the way through.
It's always consistent.
And, uh,
It is, it's quite the story.
Once you figure out who is whom and
why God needed to insert these certain
people at this time,
and then you go through the math and
you recognize when they were born,
when they were withdrawn, oh,
the whole thing just fits together like a
perfect glove over an ideal hand.
And you see the very hand of God.
intervening throughout the story to make
certain that the important things take
place exactly as they were designed.
So that's what we're doing.
And to do that now,
just as I had finished the eighty ninth
Mizmowr and said, OK,
I'm page like seven hundred of of this
book.
We're we're really close to doing a final
read through and we'll make our edits and
and we'll get her published.
I couldn't do that because I had to
go back and flesh out whether I could
validate my claim that Doe'd
It was the man that God created in
his image in the garden.
And it was one affirmation after another.
And at that point,
I have to write it into the story.
And then I realized, you know,
I need to go all the way back
to the beginning and tell the story the
way God tells it with the greater and
lesser luminaries being presented on the
fourth day and why
They were,
what their relationship is and how that
plays out through the rest of the Torah.
It's a marvelous teaching experience.
Again,
I don't expect this to resonate with those
outside of our covenant family.
The malcontents that thought it would be a
fun idea to send their letter out to
a hundred of my email contacts will not
be able to understand it and that will
inflame them all the more because
Well, they need to condemn me
and their view to stay out of hell.
Because if I'm right, and I am,
that's where they're headed.
So that's a desperate act.
In fact, Rich,
you told me that you thought it would
be fun to give one of the AI
the opportunity just to review their
letter and to say, yeah,
what do you think of their translation?
And what do you think of their argument?
And it- I should probably share it with
the group because it's just,
eviscerates that and i did not use your
translations i let it do its own little
translation first and walked it through
our whole scenario and it comes back and
says the same thing you say yeah they've
used craig's translation style without
craig's translation discipline cited a
plural against an individual
skipped the defining criterion of the
periscope dreams.
So they skipped that,
misread an interrogative as a declarative,
and then turned it against the man whose
methodology they plagiarized to do so.
Yeah,
they're plagiarizing me to condemn me,
and they do a really lousy job of
it.
And of course,
I mean,
I don't want to belabor this because it's
really irrelevant to the whole story,
but they have managed to do what Paul
did.
He found a word.
He says, well,
I can make my argument with Baal.
And they have no idea that God tells
his story from beginning to end by giving
you something at the beginning that he
will come back to at the end.
And he does that with Baal,
which is used in the final word picture,
an exceedingly favorable light.
As a matter of fact,
based upon the claims of Ezra,
Ethan Ha-Ezraki,
I wrote all but one of the Mashal,
so I ought to know what they say.
And in it,
Baal is the loving and supportive husband
that has rallied around Dowd and is
married to Dowd's Emma, mother,
and supportive of Dowd's
‘Amah and his the one he calls Ashar.
And it's just so interesting because we
are coming full circle and that when ElYah
attacked,
not
Ashar and Baal, but the prophets of Ashar,
the religious interpretation of them.
He will now come back celebrating who is
Ashar and Baal as this beneficial woman
and her loving husband.
So it is, God,
knows that every term that he has that
has benefit like asher and bale will be
twisted to use against him by satanic
forces and they have been all the way
through so it's all fascinating of course
When you finally understand the common
denominator and how God works through this
whole thing,
all the pieces just fit together.
I have shared them here with the family.
As we develop them a little further,
I'll share them with you.
And you just see that the timing of
who these people are that are involved in
this soul,
supporting this soul that is God's
firstborn in Nadeau,
how they come to their positions and how
it develops from there and the timing of
all these issues.
It's just go, oh, my.
It is all of the millennial markers.
It is just amazing.
breathtaking that it was all there all the
time and and now we're prepared to uh
see it share it understand it enjoy it
uh relax in it uh but what it
requires is that we need to get off
of uh of uh normal posting on social
media um we're here
largely for the eight and also for those
who want to join us and in support
of the covenant family.
But we're not here to solicit additional
participation,
and we're definitely here to
put a kibosh on those who would claim
that they're going to be part of the
harvest,
that there is not one chance in hell
that they're going to participate in.
So we just need to continue to
reestablish the fences of the sheepfold
that Yahowah established around Dowd so
that that which has been torn down is
put back in place.
We're not here to attract lots of people.
We're here to deflect them and to get
into Shabuwah and then to Taruwah with the
right people in the right place,
doing the right things that are properly
educated and prepared to be right about
all of this.
so that we can fulfill our
responsibilities going forward.
And that is the job,
and we can do that best at YadaYah.com,
supported by places like YouTube and
Rumble and the like.
But I need to personally disengage.
I lost a challenge today on X.
It was just amazing.
There were a lot of X posts condemning
Jews, saying it's okay to condemn Jews.
It's okay to demonize Jews because
Revelation,
they claim that they're referred to as the
synagogue of Satan.
And that is the interpretation of
Revelation and the synagogue of Satan.
Because, well, the New Testament is evil.
exceedingly anti-Semitic.
So, twistians,
not knowing that the whole thing is a
farce,
justify condemning and even killing Jews
based upon the references to the synagogue
of Satan.
And on two of those posts,
I challenged that and said, it's not true.
The synagogue of Satan is actually
a reference because it's a it's a scribe
to john who was condemned uh by paul
and and so the person that went into
the synagogues that was who admitted that
he was demon possessed was paul
and that it is not a justification to
attack jews so i was criticizing the
anti-semitic hate that is derived from the
synagogue of satan against posts that had
promoted it and explain that to x and
x says no we're going to withhold our
our conclusion you're in violation of our
standards
So when you're dealing with AI that are
that immoral, that irrational,
that overly stupid, I'm sorry.
I don't belong there.
I'm not going to spend time there.
And the same thing is true with Facebook.
And Facebook has gotten to be more
egregious even than X.
But with the two of them like this,
it's...
Let's communicate.
Let's interact at YadaYah.com.
We have all the support mechanism there.
It's a marvelous site,
and there's no reason for us to be
anywhere else other than these videos need
to stream on other platforms,
particularly on YouTube and places like
Rumble where they're pretty impervious.
So we'll...
continue in that regard.
But it's been really, really,
really interesting.
And I think that those who are solidly
in the covenant, mature grain,
looking forward to continuing to grow.
You're part of the eight that are
mentioned at Shabuwah, Taruwah, and Sukah.
You're
among the eight that are designated by the
eight souls that were aboard the ark that
re-established the covenant and really
populated the world of Nassau Maman around
the Tigris and Euphrates rivers,
the Black Sea and that area,
the cradle of civilization.
So it is a marvelous opportunity and we
are learning at a prodigious rate.
You know, when I'm doing,
I've gone back to the very beginning of
this book that I'm sharing from you.
You know,
it's one of the things that I learned
is that, well, Yahowah said, you know,
I want you to talk to my people.
Okay, well, we're doing that.
And it's turned out beautifully.
It's really a fun way to be able
to share what we're learning in real time.
And, you know,
the idea was that if you were to
go back and keep on what you're doing,
which is,
correct the books every time you find
something new.
Well,
it takes you a better part of a
year to run through all the books because
there's twenty five thousand pages,
even if you're making just corrections in
them.
And if you just put one more book
on the shelf, you know,
no marginal utility there.
So what we're doing now is I spend
three quarters of my day translating,
interpreting,
learning and
uh drawing conclusions that then become
part of these programs so i'm writing for
these programs with the realization that
the last book in the yada yada series
volume nine a time of trouble uh is
then published as uh as part of what
we shared in those programs and the same
thing is true with this which is the
fourth volume now of
of Coming Home,
which is being renamed after the
introduction of these characters, Mayor,
the illustrious luminaries that are so
essential to God's story.
So that's where we are,
and we'll continue.
The rendition of the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
our last reference was to Psalm
Eighty-Nine, Sixteen, and Seventeen.
Let me reprise that for you.
It says, In your name,
and I must say that so that you
know the context,
what has happened is that as the Zarowa...
I have now been deployed to eliminate
Rahab.
And it's a very interesting manner of
elimination.
I actually stand down,
I allow him to kill my physical body
in a brutal way.
And as somebody who spent three and a
half years speaking for Yahowah and
defending Yisrael, supporting Yisrael,
from the Temple Mount to allow the rival
that I have spoken against, Rahab,
who is Satan and the body of Donald
Trump,
And for them to now realize that he
was the problem all along and that their
advocate was this man that he is
specifically going because they have
watched all of this.
And everybody, including Rahab,
have tried to eviscerate me,
tried to kill me.
never works and so i actually said tell
everybody i said this was going to happen
on this day sun's going to rise on
this day i'm going to summon him and
his minions and they're going to brutalize
me uh and you're going to watch this
happen and then you're going to see what
ElYah and Yahowah do uh
with the sacrifice of my body.
Don't, you know,
you need to know my soul's fine,
but we're going to do this just as
Dowd served as his body served as the
Passover land.
We're going to do this.
And I just want you to see that
this is all he's got.
He's got death and destruction.
And by his lash lashing out,
it'll be his end.
At that point, his Ruach spirit and
Donald Trump and Satan go to S.H.I.E.L.D.
and my nephesh soul returns to stand
beside Dote and DIY.
So it reads,
in your name at this time,
they will continually rejoice.
They will celebrate these favorable
circumstances,
expressing their enthusiasm.
And they will do so every day.
And that'll be a lot of days.
thousand years of three hundred and sixty
five and a quarter days a year that's
a long time to be uh celebrating it
was written in the call imperfect
paragogic enthusiastically uh genuinely
and on an ongoing basis celebrating uh all
of the time and in your vindication and
that which is right about you basa daka
by being correct, fair, and right, just,
acquitting, accurate, and honest,
they are lifted up on high, enriched,
and empowered, because that is the key.
Are you right about God or not?
That was A.D.
nine sixteen.
Indeed,
you are the empowering nature of their
beautiful adornment and the fortifying
aspect of their majestic splendor.
Covenant members are going to be glorious,
magnificent at this time.
And the remnant of Israel are also going
to be beautifully adorned.
I mean,
they're going to be prepared to meet God
and their king on their return.
And so it's just going to be a
marvelous spectacle where everyone is...
either beautifully attired with attractive
clothing that the seamstress of God will
have provided for everyone.
It's quite a production order that you're
going to have, Miss Leia.
I hope you're up to it.
And those who are covenant, well,
they're going to be draped in light.
So, in fact,
if you look at a lot of Leia's
costumes,
The gowns worn by the women are made
of starlight.
And so she is already working on her
their thoughts as to how we're going to
be adorned.
Oh my,
I'm going back to clues that affirmed that
Dowd was Adam.
So I'm smiling when I realized that that
comment at the end where he was naked
and was not wrong and was not ashamed,
how it
applies to an aspect of Dowd's life,
but meant really nothing to the conditions
that were taking place,
the situation of the garden at that time,
but absolutely served as a prophetic
entree into a very,
very important time in Dowd's life,
and how also that you should leave your
mother and father.
Well,
they didn't have mothers and fathers,
so what in the world were they talking
about?
Well,
are talking about uh Dowd and uh his
the third life uh where he is uh
the shepherd boy who had really really
crappy mother and father and then left
them to be embraced by his surrogate
mother and father who is we're going to
find out or a lot more than just
his surrogate mother and father sounds to
me like you're going to have to reset
and start over with this last book
Well, no.
Well, yeah, I am.
I've renamed it and I'm starting back over
because the whole book was written to show
what God had to say about the two
most influential characters in his story
and how he introduces them and then how
they're presented.
And so that was the purpose of the
book.
It's just that I...
As I wrote the book,
I learned so much more about the subject
of the book.
Isn't that what you're supposed to do?
Yes.
Yeah.
So I'm now going back and rewriting it
based upon all I've learned about the
subject of the book,
both of us and our relationship to one
another,
because it turns out I've had many lives
over a very long period of time.
And my lives were always focused on
Supportive Dowd and the covenant.
So indeed,
you are the empowering nature of the
beautiful adornment and their fortifying
aspect of the majestic splendor.
By your will, your acceptance and favor,
our brilliant trumpet and horn,
which is symbolic of our status and our
king, Karen, will be raised on high,
lifted up and increased.
That's A.D.
nine, seventeen.
There's numbers of reasons I had to
integrate this.
First of all,
Having written the last Mashal,
the Thirty-First Proverb,
I knew that the theme that ran through
it was that of Dowd's mother,
surrogate mother in this case,
at this particular time,
being the fashion coordinator and
seamtress for forevermore.
And so I'm going to talk about adornment
because it's really fresh in my mind.
And I'm also going to talk about Karen
because Karen brought up here in the
eighty ninth Mizmowr is.
Part of the essential equation of finding
common denominators that take us
from knowledge to understanding.
And Corinne is that key from here,
talking about the status of our king,
Corinne, this brilliant trumpet and horn,
is because when Abraham and Yitschaq went up
Mount Moriah to confirm the covenant,
and
When God said,
don't take the life of your only son,
the son that you love,
he said that he would provide the lamb,
which means that that lamb would be his
firstborn son, the son that he loves.
And that lamb had its Karen caught in
the thickets.
And so this is my way of telling
Dowd,
we're gonna have a discussion because as
soon as the ink was dry on this,
I went directly to Dowd who I knew
quite well at the time and said,
We're going to start here or very early
in this.
We're only in the seventeenth statement.
We're going to trace down Karen.
You're going to understand the role that
Karen plays and affirming that you're that
guy.
That is why it's important here.
And and it says that the Karen will
be raised on hot,
will be lifted up and increased room.
So for our gift of deliverance and
protective covering,
they're in accord with Yahowah and on
behalf of the Qodesh the set apart one
of israel so i'm making the connection
from this beautiful adornment that is
being provided by his a surrogate mother
in this case and the karen that is
symbolic of his crown his sovereignty his
kingship uh and of the trumpet for Shabuwah
and Taruwah uh that pulled together the team
to usher in his return
that this is also symbolic of him serving
as the Passover lamb.
And the Passover lamb is our gift of
deliverance.
And the garments are part of that
protective covering, and we receive it.
after Dowd removes our guilt and takes it
into Sheolon Matzah,
we replace our physical bodies with light
and energy,
and they're all in accord with Yahowah.
And we're accomplished based upon both
Yahowah as God and Dowd as king,
being the set-apart one,
the most distinct one.
of Yisrael,
of those who engage and endure with God,
our Melech king.
It's doed, only doed.
It's Ms.
Moore lyrics to sing Psalm.
Eighty nine, eight, ten.
Just
incredibly disciplined in diving down and
detailing what can be learned from
specific words and how each word serves as
a marker, not only in time,
but as a signpost that helps us know
the way to travel through God's story.
Koren is one of those words.
Melek is another one of them.
Being gloriously adorned is part of that
story.
And speaking of markers in time,
that is what Oz means as a marker
in time.
And in the realization and in relation to
this, Oz, meanwhile,
it stands to reason that logically you
have spoken.
I'm speaking to God.
You have spoken in a prophetic declaration
that can be seen and experienced through
your makaram.
Baccarum is a really interesting word.
And the thing that is important here is
to know that it is not Baccarum in
the Masoretic text.
The Masoretic text has Cassidy,
which means faithful and devoted ones.
But Baccarum is an entirely different
word.
And Baccarum fits here so beautifully
because
What we learned from the garden and have
seen resonate all the way through the
story,
including the mature grain that is ready
for the Shabuwah harvest,
is that the purpose of our existence is
to demonstrate to God that we are
observant, that we are thoughtful,
that we are responsive to him and that
we are reliable,
that he can test us and find us
approved, try us and examine us,
find us acceptable,
assess us because we're here to complete
the job.
particularly now as we realize how God has
orchestrated this entire story from
beginning to end in such a loving and
compassionate way,
in such a consistent manner.
We know exactly what it means to be
bakatam.
The bakatam are chosen, tested,
and approved ones.
The ones you select and have examined.
The ones you prefer and have found
acceptable.
the ones you have assessed.
And as a result of that assessment,
desire.
Marvelous, isn't it?
With you saying,
I can remain in place because I have
put in place,
arranged and granted a degree of equality,
fitting the circumstances.
to those who can smooth things out and
resolve the conflicts,
thereby achieving a reasonable resolution,
making things right,
achieving that which is agreeable when
deploying those who are appropriate for
that situation and who can provide what's
needed, serving satisfactorily,
to remove obstructions so as to engender a
suitable result.
Shawa,
I have patiently deployed implements
arranged as likenesses,
setting those who are agreeable and
comparable up as
Those who are affable to me,
analogous and similar to me, an analog,
if you will, of me,
being productive while I anticipate a
favorable and satisfactory outcome.
Encouraging comparisons while eliminating
impediments as well as bumps in the way,
obstructions,
as they are adequate for me to remain
still and silent as I bestow them as
a gift born of devotion,
of mutual interest and of desire.
Peel perfect, first person singular.
Now this is really interesting.
This is a transition in this text.
It has gone from Ethan Ha Ezraki being
the voice speaking to Yahowah,
sharing what he knows about God,
his integrity, his affability,
his approachability, his love,
his devotion, his trustworthiness.
And also he is explaining
How Yahowah was going to use him.
He knows what his role is going to
be in the future.
He's a prophet after all.
And then you see Yahowah intervene and make
a declarative statement.
I think it's in the third and fourth
statements very early on.
Doe's the one.
It was through Doe that I established the
covenant.
By the way, that's everything.
And the only way to establish the covenant
is to fulfill Pesach, Matzah, and Bikuwrym,
which we have proven.
So he's announcing, Dowd, fulfill Pesach,
Matzah, and Bikuwrym,
which means that we prevailed in our
meeting with him.
He did what he needed to do.
As a result,
the opportunity to become part of the
covenant is possible without that meeting,
without this meeting, without this song,
without this result.
Pesach, Matzah,
and Bikuwrym are not fulfilled.
They're not fulfilled by Dowd.
There is no access to God or to
the government.
So it was a big deal.
And at this point,
I then go on and explain all of
these things,
including the annihilation of Rahab.
And at that point, God...
speaks again and he will continue to speak
in first person for a very long time.
I think we go all the way through
the mid to late forties in terms of
chapters in this song.
So it has turned to God's voice.
So as a marker in time in relationship
to this,
I'm saying you have spoken and you have
shared and a prophetic revelation.
that can be seen and experienced through
your book on them.
Those that you have chosen,
that you have tested and that you have
approved.
And quite frankly,
there's not a lot of them.
It really isn't the two that are the
most important or the greater and lesser
luminary designated in the fourth epic of
creation.
they are represented as the tree of lives.
One of them is actually the greater
luminary.
The firstborn is actually Adam.
And then God found that there was a
man that supported him in his last three
hundred years, got to know him.
And that was the first interaction between
the two of them.
But it's also apparent
that there's a woman that's involved in
all of this.
Doe did not pick very well in terms
of women.
He's going to need the Leah dating service
to do a better job in this regard.
But I seem to have found a woman
that I dearly love and made a deal
with God.
It's one of those deals that you cut
with God where you say, okay, God,
I'll do what you want.
I'll come in and out of the timeline.
I'll be the fixer.
but uh you know i don't want to
do it alone i really love this woman
i want her to come with me so
that you know it's the two of us
uh working uh together and god's course
said boy that's a tough call let me
see can i arrange that oh okay yeah
all right now that you asked for it
sure of course that was what he wanted
to do all along but nonetheless um i'm
quite confident i asked for it and uh
so she is one of these uh chosen
tested and approved ones
By the way,
none of this adds any brownie points.
It just means that God made sure that
his story was going to play out in
accordance to plan so that the covenant
would be accessible, that Dowd would work.
see it all the way through,
complete the mission,
and we would celebrate his return on Yom
Kipurym as we move through the timeline
that these next harvests would occur.
He was just trying to keep his people
and time schedule in place,
and this is just how he went about
doing it.
So he has your Bokorum chosen, tested,
and approved ones.
This is the
essence of my life i know it at
the time uh it's not uh my first
existence was as as uh enoch uh chanuk
is the pressed uh pronunciation of it and
and i came to know Yahowah through dote
uh as Adam
He would be the only person that knew
him.
And I was fascinated by what he had
to say about their time in the garden
and what he had shared about Yahowah.
And I knew that this was a depressing
time for Dowd,
that last third of his life,
just as in his life as king,
the last third was rough for him.
And I had compassion for the man,
as did my wife, and we supported him.
That's how we earned God's trust.
what happened from there,
it becomes really interesting.
But we'll talk about how I know this
whole role as one of your bokorum,
your chosen, tested, and approved ones.
With Usain.
Now, with Usain, comma, quotation mark,
guess what?
From this point on, Yahowah...
also has a propensity to be verbose.
I'm not the only one that can talk
your ear off.
But in the seventeenth verse,
is that where we are?
Very close to maybe the eighteenth verse.
But from this point on,
It is Yahowah and all Yahowah.
I will sum up the Psalm in the
end,
but we're only like a half a dozen
verses from the end where I say, okay,
thank you, God.
In closing, here it is.
But as a matter of fact,
this is now in God's voice.
So what is God saying?
I introduced the concept of working
through your chosen and tested ones.
And God says, yep,
I can remain in place.
This is the whole story, folks.
If you can appreciate this translation,
and it's a fully amplified translation of
Shawa and what it means,
then you're going to understand what I
have learned.
What I'm trying to share with you as
to how God has chosen certain individuals
that he has developed a confidence in that
he knows we'll see it through.
And they have different roles.
One serves mostly as a father,
one serves mostly as a mother.
They happen to be husband and wife,
and their primary focus is to assist,
to guide, to uplift, to support,
to nurture,
to encourage the firstborn of Yahowah,
such that the covenant occurs when and
where God says.
So God says, I can remain in place.
I've got a couple of guys.
I can remain in place because I have
put in place.
I have arranged and I have granted a
degree of even equality,
fitting the circumstance anyway.
to those who can smooth things out and
resolve conflicts,
not conflicts with people being religious,
not conflicts with people being political
or the terrorists during the naphalem
period.
No,
we need to smooth things out and resolve
the conflicts that occur between father
and son, because the son, the firstborn,
well, he was cerebral, but also emotional.
And he had some outbursts,
and he had listened to what he said
on the way out of the garden.
No, no, not my fault, man.
It's your fault.
You gave me that woman.
It's her fault.
She gave it to me.
Not my fault.
Hmm.
So when you read like the the fifty
first Mizmowr, it's how I went direct.
I said, oh, my God,
I've read this before.
Indeed.
So God says, I can remain in place.
It's nicer there than it is here on
earth because I have put in place,
I have arranged and granted a degree of
equality fitting the circumstances to
those who can smooth things out and
resolve conflicts,
thereby achieving a reasonable resolution,
making things right,
achieving that which is agreeable.
when deploying those who are appropriate
for the situation and who can provide
what's needed.
Serving satisfactorily to remove
obstructions so as to engender a suitable
result.
Assisting by supplying whatever is needed
to strengthen, to serve, to help,
and to enable Ezar.
Serving is a resource to aid, encourage,
succor,
and support over and on behalf of the
Gabor.
It's up there for you to read.
I'm sure you came to it.
Who is he supporting?
Who is he strengthening?
According to God,
He had somebody that he deployed so that
he could remain in Shamaym,
that he had every confidence would resolve
the situation on behalf of,
over and on behalf of the Gabor,
the courageous and capable man,
the man with confidence and fortitude so
he would prevail.
The mightiest of men,
the strong and effective defender,
the valiant and brave one who battles.
That's it, folks.
Hope that you are able to follow along.
I know that there are covenant members who
are absolutely mature enough in your
understanding that you listen to something
like that and you say,
what a thrill it is for us to
be included in this.
Because when it comes to Shabuwah,
Taruwah and Sukah,
as well as to the ark,
there are eight that are essential.
And that eight is,
that's just the lead in this pack because
there are so many more that are essential
to working and supporting with them.
We are developing a tested and examined
family on behalf
of the man that God chose to serve
as king.
And we're here to make it such that
he is supported.
He is loved.
He is enabled.
So he says,
I will rise up and exalt Bakar.
The one I have examined, tested,
and approved.
The man I have specifically chosen and
appointed after careful consideration.
The one I have decided to engage in
a special relationship with.
The car.
By the way,
the other thing that was stunning to me
is you go through and you look at
all the various situations of all the
characters and what God said about them.
And when Dowd is eight years old,
he's down there in Bethlehem.
He's abandoned by his mother,
abandoned by his father.
Nobody knows anything about him.
He was an afterthought on all of this.
And God says, that's the guy,
I'm choosing him.
And I make my criterion differently than
do men.
He knew him.
He knew him well.
And at eight years old,
we don't prove anything.
We're still children.
had been together i can and will name
the occurrences and it was far more than
just in the garden so he's going to
exalt the one that he has examined that
he has tested that he has approved the
man that he has specifically chosen and
appointed after careful consideration one
he has decided to engage in a special
relationship with
who is from and for the people.
Ms.
Moore lurched to saying Psalm Eighty-Nine,
Nineteen.
Now I wanna remind everybody that there is
an aspect of this that can be easily
misconstrued.
This says from the people.
Yeah, people could, we're just people.
People could be family.
People could be related as kin.
People could be a reference to Yisrael.
People could,
Am can be any one of those things.
Sometimes it's even related to a nation.
I think here it's double.
But the fact is that there really is
only a very tenuous tie to DNA ethnicity
here.
I have shared this with you before,
but Adam was not a Jew,
was not a Israelite, nor was Jehovah.
Nor were their sons and daughters.
Nor was Chanukah,
and Yahowah found him to be tested and
true.
The same thing would be said
for Noach, who was Enoch's great-grandson,
and maybe a little more than that.
They weren't Jews.
And then we go forward in time to
Abraham.
It's interesting, by the way,
that the Noach,
Would live right to the day.
That Abraham and you shock.
Went up Mount Moria.
To affirm the covenant.
He saw that through.
Just saying.
Your two thousand young.
I was taken just shy of your one
thousand young.
Yeah, interesting.
Anyway, I.
Abraham and Sarah, they were not Jews.
But do you know what they were?
They were descendants,
the Sama descendants of Noach and his wife
and of their sons, particularly Shem.
That they were.
because while the world wasn't flooded,
the area of humans with a Neshama was,
and that was repopulated by Noach and his
sons and their wives.
And so they weren't Jews,
but they were descendants of Noach and his
wife.
And so you'll find it interesting to know
who Nolok actually was,
because there was no chance that somebody
was going to know Yahowah.
None.
Why?
Because you had,
Dowd was the only access to Yahowah.
Dowd, as Adam,
was the only access to Yahowah.
He was gone.
Enoch learned from Dowd, but
He was now gone.
Even Adam's son, born outside the garden,
he was gone.
Seth, he was gone too.
There's no way.
No Torah.
Couldn't be done.
Unless we follow this and say, well,
God has chosen and tested the individuals
that he deploys so that he can get
the job done.
So we'll find out who Noah really is
and maybe even who Shem is and why
it matters.
So anyway,
this is a profoundly important moment in
time.
Yahowah spoke through Ethan, ha-izraki,
about his plan to restore,
to deploy and honor his beloved son.
His revelation would be tangible, visible,
perceptible,
because it could be seen in...
Real life.
The two makaram,
previously evaluated and acceptable
individuals, a man and a woman,
a husband and wife, a father and mother,
would convey God's words to a king.
All three were part of this at that
time.
That's the whole story.
That's why we're still calling this series
the last word picture,
because it brought us to this place with
a mother restoring the king beside her
husband, Bale,
such that the eighty ninth Mizmowr would
be written to complete the job.
So as a result of Baccarum,
we should recognize that life
is a test for all of us,
an opportunity for us to prove ourselves
to God.
And even though he isn't expecting a whole
lot from us,
fewer than one in a million pass muster.
To earn Yahowah's trust and to be included
among the Bachar,
the chosen and tested ones,
we must be observant,
we must be responsive,
and we must be reliable.
And I would define observant the way that
I translate Shamar.
Closely examine and carefully consider.
And then what you find is that when
Yahowah is describing all of this,
he will tell us,
Through oath,
you remember that word oath that I brought
up so many times where we're told that
the greater and lesser luminaries serve as
an oath to the Mowedym,
these restoring witnesses to the eternal
testimony that are the seven appointments
with Yahyachir.
And it's rendered in English Bibles
deduced to nothing but sign.
Now that's not its verbal root.
Its verbal root is written the same way
in the Hebrew.
And it means to be willing,
to be responsive, to consent,
to have been asked to do something and
to show a willingness to get it done.
That's what the oath actually are.
They are the responsive ones.
We get right back to it all over
again.
The qualification for working with Yahowah
is responding to it.
So there are chosen and tested ones that
are observant, responsive and reliable.
at least to the extent God is comfortable
with us accompanying him into the fourth,
fifth, sixth and seventh dimension.
We have to demonstrate that we are
observant,
responsive and reliable to the extent that
God says, yep,
I am willing to empower this soul knowing
that they're going to become immortal and
I'm going to give them access to the
entire universe and access to come into
Shamaym
and to be part of my family,
communicating with me and all of the other
covenant members forever.
For him to make that call and to
say yes to that, you don't,
there is no secret little formula where
you can say, okay,
I'll accept the five conditions of the
covenant.
I'll attend the Mow'ed McRae.
I'm in, right?
No, you're not in.
You have to continue to be observant,
which means closely examine and carefully
consider, responsive and reliable.
In this regard, we are being Basar,
examined and approved, right here,
right now, scrutinized and verified,
and the process of being found acceptable,
and desirable.
It is an open invitation with your life
serving as the audition.
Now I'm going to be really bold and
making a statement here.
I've been tested over the last fifty four
hundred years.
So is Leah.
Every time God needed resolution,
particularly with Dowd or with the
covenant,
we were placed in position to find that
resolution.
I've been there, I've done it.
So has Leo.
We aren't auditioning anymore.
But everybody who was part of this team,
who was part of this family,
who was going to be part of the
Shabuwah harvest, you are.
I'm not saying that to encourage more
dedication because the fact is the team
that is really solid and contributing to
this family has demonstrated
overwhelmingly that they belong.
But I just want you to know that
we need to see it through.
We need to stay true to our calling
and our responsibility.
We need to continue to prepare, to learn,
to be better equipped to fulfill the
mission because we are just starting
folks.
We got another thousand years to go.
A thousand plus seven to go.
So I want everyone to recognize that your
life now serves as an addition.
Therefore, while that is a marvelous,
I think,
affirmation of the understanding of what
happened in Eden and what went right and
wrong.
And that is consistent with what I've
previously deduced and conveyed.
And it serves as a confirmation of why
God is allowing a remnant back into the
garden during the millennial celebration
of Sukah.
This insight, I think,
even pales in comparison to what can be
deduced from that magical term, Shawa.
What a word.
And it is especially so when conveyed in
God's voice, which it was, first verb,
now conveyed in God's voice,
and in this context where it leads to
enabling the Gabor,
as the ultimate Bakowr.
I think you know.
I have been translating and commenting on
Yahowah's testimony for a quarter century,
well, in this life.
And this is one of the most revealing
statements I've encountered in all of that
time.
It is the grand unification.
It's the unifying thread that has been
woven throughout God's tapestry.
It depicts how, when, who, and why.
Yahowah deployed in support of his son so
that we might live and become God's
children too.
Well, everyone listening to these words,
except two individuals,
they aren't Dowd's children.
They have been God's children for a long
time.
Dowd is actually their son.
Three times.
Three.
From this point and through the next
eighteen statements,
and it's far more than eighteen.
I just counted up to eighteen and came
back to this point.
You know,
we're just shy of the twentieth verse and
we're going to get through the mid
forties.
So more like twenty eight statements.
Yahowah is going to share with us in
his own words.
He's going to talk about his relationship
to Dowd.
presenting him as the cornerstone of his
plans and as the exemplar among his
people.
And so I think that this transition from
Ethan speaking to us about Yahowah and Dowd
and everything that we're going to do
together to Yahowah speaking of Dowd and
how it pivots upon
this magnificent verb and the Bakowr to
enable Gabor.
That's just incredibly sweet.
So my friends,
we're going to end this program here
because, well,
my mind is racing and I'm having such
a delightful time thinking of all of the
things that
I can develop and share with you.
So we'll return to this place in our
next episode.
I hope that with the weather being a
little blustery outside that we will come
back to this studio before the day is
out.
So thank you so much for listening.
I know that I have taken you to
a place that you probably never thought
God's words would lead to.
rest assured, it is comforting,
it is enriching, it is affirming,
and indeed loving and compassionate what
God has done.
So thank you.
May God bless.
See you later today.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.